Adding note on firewall configuration (#717)
MicrosoftDocs/power-automate-docs: articles/ip-address-configuration.md

You should also consult the [Limits and Configuration](limits-and-config.md) article for a supplemental listing for known IP addresses that Power Automate uses.

>[!NOTE]

> > Starting May 15, 2022, we'll be enabling new IP addresses for Logic apps and Connectors to allow for availability zones. [Learn more](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/integrations-on-azure-blog/azure-logic-apps-availability-zone-support-is-coming-soon/ba-p/3254456) about availability zones. You'll need to update firewall configurations to include updated IP addresses for both [Logic Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-limits-and-config?tabs=azure-portal#firewall-ip-configuration) and [Connectors](https://docs.microsoft.com/connectors/common/outbound-ip-addresses) to ensure that flows continue to work after this date.

Reviewer: My suggested edits for this part:

```suggestion
> Starting June 2022, Logic Apps will enable availability zones in phases based on region. New IP addresses for this support are already available for the Logic Apps service and managed connectors. To make sure flows still work after this date, update your firewall configurations to include both the [IP addresses for Logic Apps](/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-limits-and-config#firewall-ip-configuration) and the [IP addresses for managed connectors](/connectors/common/outbound-ip-addresses) in the corresponding region. For more information about availability zones, see [Azure Logic Apps - Availability Zone support is coming soon](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/integrations-on-azure-blog/azure-logic-apps-availability-zone-support-is-coming-soon/ba-p/3254456). 
```

> > Starting June 2022, Logic Apps will enable availability zones in phases based on region. New IP addresses for this support are already available for the Logic Apps service and managed connectors. To make sure flows still work after this date, update your firewall configurations to include both the [IP addresses for Logic Apps](/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-limits-and-config#firewall-ip-configuration) and the [IP addresses for managed connectors](/connectors/common/outbound-ip-addresses) in the corresponding region. For more information about availability zones, see [Azure Logic Apps - Availability Zone support is coming soon](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/integrations-on-azure-blog/azure-logic-apps-availability-zone-support-is-coming-soon/ba-p/3254456). 

Reviewer: @llistephanie and @MSFTMan, I updated the date to May because Azure Logic Apps has already release preview for several Azure regions. I've also added the link for the published doc.

> > Starting June 2022, Logic Apps will enable availability zones in phases based on region. New IP addresses for this support are already available for the Logic Apps service and managed connectors. To make sure flows still work after this date, update your firewall configurations to include both the [IP addresses for Logic Apps](/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-limits-and-config#firewall-ip-configuration) and the [IP addresses for managed connectors](/connectors/common/outbound-ip-addresses) in the corresponding region. For more information about availability zones, see [Azure Logic Apps - Availability Zone support is coming soon](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/integrations-on-azure-blog/azure-logic-apps-availability-zone-support-is-coming-soon/ba-p/3254456). 

Reviewer 2: @ecfan Ok. I'll merge now. Thanks!

> > Starting June 2022, Logic Apps will enable availability zones in phases based on region. New IP addresses for this support are already available for the Logic Apps service and managed connectors. To make sure flows still work after this date, update your firewall configurations to include both the [IP addresses for Logic Apps](/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-limits-and-config#firewall-ip-configuration) and the [IP addresses for managed connectors](/connectors/common/outbound-ip-addresses) in the corresponding region. For more information about availability zones, see [Azure Logic Apps - Availability Zone support is coming soon](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/integrations-on-azure-blog/azure-logic-apps-availability-zone-support-is-coming-soon/ba-p/3254456). 

Reviewer: @MSFTMan, I don't see my updated suggestion in the PR yet. Any issues?
